How did you do? This exercise was complicated with so many steps,
and there are many options as to how you could have solved it,
but here's one solution,
so you can see how it matches up to yours.
The first thing I'll mention is that as you're getting started,
it can sometimes be hard to see how to get the thing you want from the response you get.
The practice you saw here in the challenge of actually writing out
all the steps of changes and things that need to happen with a promise response,
can be really helpful for complex flows.
Writing the Venn clauses should flow easier once you have these steps organized,
but you don't necessarily need one then statement for each step.
Here there are four steps,
but I only created three clauses.
There were four steps in the challenge instructions,
but I only created three then clauses.
The first step does have a check though to see if there are
any unread alerts and causes an error if there are no unread alerts,
then we return the array of unread alerts to pass it to the next link in the chain.
The second Venn statement performs two of the required steps for this exercise.
It's more efficient to look for two things in a single pass of filter,
than it is to filter the entire array twice.
So here I'm looking for whether the alert is a system alert or not,
and performing an action in both cases.
One thing I want you to notice is that many times when writing promises,
you will see people use the word data or something very
generic as the argument name, but you don't have to.
This comes down to personal preference,
but when I can name the argument,
something that tells the reader what is being returned from the previous then statement,
I think it makes reading the code more intuitive.
Also notice the implicit return in this statement.
When you don't use curly brackets around the logic of an error function,
the result is automatically returned.
Therefore it is automatically passed to the next then clause.
The third then statement is fairly straightforward,
but notice the formatted console log and imagine that we could do
something like an alert that would actually print out to the user to help them.